# mortgage-master
- This project was created as part of the Badger Blockchain Hackathon in 2023 by Mahir Khan and Diya Gopinath. It is a web application that utilizes Web3 and blockchain technology in order to act as a one-stop shop for users' financing needs.
- The application utilizes Solidity smart contracts in the backend, which is deployed using Hardhat. The smart contract then communicates with the frontend, which uses React.js, to allow users to either start an application for a loan of their choosing, or manage any loans that they may have already been approved for on the application. 
- When a user starts their application, they have the choice between 3 types of loans: Home, Auto, or Personal. Each loan type has its own financing options, with varying loan durations and interest rates for each type of loan. Furthermore, a validation check is made on each user's wallet balance to ensure that they have atleast 1/4th of the loan amount they are requesting already in their account balance, to ensure that they have the available funds to appropriately pay off the loan (if they get accepted).
- The user is then given the choice to pick between 3 options, each with a different loan duration and monthly payment. The user can either opt in for a shorter loan duration with higher payments, a longer loan duration with lower monthly payments, or a loan with average duration and monthly payments. 
- After user's choose the type of loan they want, the smart contract then adds the loan amount requested to the user's wallet balance, and the user can then start paying off the monthly loan payments that they chose.
- We planned to implement an email reminder system for users when the payment deadline for the month is nearby, but we were not able to get this implemented in time, and hope to implement this feature in the near future.